Create a new file client/src/pages/ai-consulting.tsx

This is the AI Consulting service page for Selam CPA. 
It sells AI implementation services to other accounting 
firms and bookkeepers.

The page should match the existing site design exactly:
dark navy #0a0f1e backgrounds for hero and dark sections,
emerald #10b981 accents, white text on dark, 
gray-900 text on white sections, Tailwind CSS classes.

PAGE STRUCTURE:

1. HELMET / SEO:
Title: "AI Consulting for Accounting Firms | Selam CPA — Build Your AI-Native Practice"
Description: "Selam CPA helps accounting firms and bookkeepers build custom 
AI systems using Claude — workflow automation, custom skills, knowledge bases, 
and CRM integration. No coding required. Starting at $500."
Keywords: "AI consulting accounting firms, Claude AI accounting, 
AI workflow automation CPA firm, accounting AI implementation, 
bookkeeper AI tools"
Canonical: https://selamcpa.com/ai-consulting

2. HERO — dark navy background, no video, centered:
Small label: "FOR ACCOUNTING FIRMS & BOOKKEEPERS" in emerald, tracking-widest
H1 line 1: "You Built a Great Practice." white, large
H1 line 2: "Now Build the Infrastructure" white
H1 line 3: "Behind It." emerald
Subhead: "Selam CPA runs on a custom AI system built from scratch — 
no coding required. We help other accounting firms and bookkeepers 
build the same infrastructure: custom workflows, automated document 
generation, knowledge bases, and CRM integration."
Two buttons: 
  "Book a Free Assessment →" emerald, links to https://calendly.com/yber2001/30min
  "See What We Built →" outlined white, anchor links to #proof section

3. PROOF SECTION — id="proof", white background:
Label: "THE PROOF" in emerald
H2: "We didn't just learn about AI. We built with it."
Subhead: "Selam CPA is an AI-native accounting firm built from day one 
on a custom Claude system. Here is exactly what we built — 
and what we can build for you."

Show a 2-column stats grid with 4 stat cards (dark navy background):
  Stat 1: "5" / "Custom skills built" / "Engagement letters, tax organizers, IRS notice responses, CFO reports, consulting proposals"
  Stat 2: "3,777" / "Knowledge vectors" / "IRS publications + 40 state tax guidance documents in Pinecone vector database"
  Stat 3: "40+" / "States covered" / "State tax guidance ingested and searchable — federal + all income-tax states"
  Stat 4: "0" / "Lines of code written by the CPA" / "Built entirely through natural language direction — no technical background required"

Then show 5 capability cards in a grid:
  Card 1 title: "Engagement Letter Generator"
  Card 1 body: "Drafts professionally formatted engagement letters for any service type — tax prep, bookkeeping, fractional CFO, audit — in under 2 minutes. Auto-syncs to HubSpot CRM."
  
  Card 2 title: "Client Tax Organizer"
  Card 2 body: "Generates a customized tax document checklist based on the client's entity type and situation. Includes IRS publication citations and CPA review flags."
  
  Card 3 title: "IRS Notice Response Drafter"
  Card 3 body: "10 notice playbooks covering CP2000, CP14, CP90, Letter 525, Letter 531, and more. Hard stops on dangerous notices. [NEEDS VERIFICATION] flags on uncertain positions."
  
  Card 4 title: "Monthly CFO Report Generator"
  Card 4 body: "Takes financial data and generates a professional management report with executive summary, variance analysis, KPI dashboard, and action items. Plain English throughout."
  
  Card 5 title: "Knowledge Base with Real Citations"
  Card 5 body: "Every document output includes real IRS publication citations with page numbers and tax year. Pub 17, 334, 463, 502, 587, 946, and more — all searchable via Pinecone."

4. HOW IT WORKS SECTION — light gray background:
Label: "THE PROCESS" in emerald
H2: "How we build your AI system"
4 numbered steps in a horizontal row:
  Step 1: "Assessment" / "We spend 2 hours mapping your current workflow, identifying your biggest time-wasters, and building your AI readiness report."
  Step 2: "Architecture" / "We design your two-Claude system — Claude Web as strategist, Claude Code as workhorse — and write your CLAUDE.md firm brain."
  Step 3: "Build" / "We build your custom skills one by one, starting with the highest-value workflows. Each skill is tested on real scenarios before delivery."
  Step 4: "Train & Support" / "We train you to direct the system — no coding required. You learn to get production-quality outputs from day one."

5. PRICING SECTION — white background:
Label: "INVESTMENT" in emerald
H2: "Three ways to get started"
Subhead: "Every engagement starts with a conversation. 
Book a free call and we'll tell you honestly which tier makes sense."

3 pricing cards side by side:
  Card 1 (standard border):
    Tier: "Assessment"
    Price: "$500"
    Duration: "One-time"
    Description: "For firms that want to understand their AI opportunity before committing."
    Includes list:
    - 2-hour workflow audit
    - AI readiness report
    - Top 5 workflow opportunities identified
    - Recommended skill build order
    - 30-day email Q&A
    CTA: "Book Assessment →" links to calendly
  
  Card 2 (emerald border — featured):
    Badge: "Most Popular"
    Tier: "Foundation"
    Price: "$2,500"
    Duration: "One-time"
    Description: "For firms ready to build their first real AI system."
    Includes list:
    - Everything in Assessment
    - CLAUDE.md firm brain built and installed
    - 3 custom skills built and tested
    - Knowledge base setup (federal IRS publications)
    - HubSpot or CRM integration
    - 90-day support via email
    CTA: "Get Started →" links to calendly
  
  Card 3 (standard border):
    Tier: "Full Build"
    Price: "$5,000"
    Duration: "One-time"
    Description: "For firms that want the complete AI-native infrastructure."
    Includes list:
    - Everything in Foundation
    - 8–10 custom skills built
    - Full knowledge base — IRS + all 50 states
    - Complete workflow automation
    - HubSpot CRM full integration
    - 90-day support + 2 live training sessions
    CTA: "Get Started →" links to calendly

  Small disclaimer below cards: 
  "All engagements include a discovery call before any work begins. 
  If we're not the right fit, we'll tell you."

6. WHO THIS IS FOR SECTION — dark navy background:
Label: "WHO THIS IS FOR" in emerald
H2: "Built for practitioners who are serious about efficiency."
3 columns:
  Column 1: "Solo CPAs & Bookkeepers" / "You're doing everything yourself. 
  AI gives you the leverage of a full back office without the headcount."
  
  Column 2: "Small Firms (2–10 staff)" / "Your team spends hours on repetitive 
  document work. Custom skills eliminate the work that shouldn't require 
  a licensed professional."
  
  Column 3: "Firms Exploring AI" / "You've tried ChatGPT. You know there's 
  something here. You need someone to show you how to build real systems, 
  not just experiment with prompts."

7. FAQ — white background, accordion:
Q: "Do I need any coding skills to use this system?"
A: "No. The entire Selam CPA AI system was built by a CPA with no coding 
background. You direct the system in plain English — Claude Code handles 
all the technical execution. If we can build it, so can you."

Q: "What AI tools are used?"
A: "The system is built on Anthropic's Claude — specifically Claude Code 
for building and executing, and Claude Web for strategy and review. 
We also use Pinecone for the vector knowledge base and HubSpot for 
CRM integration. All tools have free or low-cost tiers to start."

Q: "How long does the build take?"
A: "The Assessment takes one week. The Foundation build takes two to three 
weeks. The Full Build takes four to six weeks depending on complexity 
and how quickly you can review and approve each component."

Q: "Will this work for my practice area?"
A: "Yes. The system is built around your specific services, clients, and 
workflows — not a generic template. Whether you focus on tax, bookkeeping, 
audit, or advisory, the skills are built for your actual work."

Q: "What happens after the build is complete?"
A: "You own everything. The code, the skills, the knowledge base, the 
CLAUDE.md. We provide 90-day support to fix issues and answer questions. 
After that, you can maintain and expand the system yourself — or hire us 
for additional builds."

8. FINAL CTA — dark navy background, centered:
H2: "Ready to build your AI-native practice?" white
Body: "Book a free 30-minute call. We'll walk through your current workflow, 
show you what's possible, and tell you honestly whether this is the right 
move for your firm."
Button: "Book a Free Discovery Call →" emerald, links to calendly
Small text: "No commitment. No pitch. We'll tell you if it's not the right fit."

After creating the file, also add this route to App.tsx:
<Route path="/ai-consulting" component={lazy(() => import("./pages/ai-consulting"))} />